README.md, before:

# Holochain-rust

<a href="http://holochain.org"><img align="right" width="200" src="https://github.com/holochain/org/blob/master/logo/holochain_logo.png?raw=true" alt="holochain logo" /></a>

[![Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/project-holochain-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://holochain.org/)
[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-chat%2eholochain%2enet-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://chat.holochain.org)

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/holochain.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/holochain)

Travis: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/holochain/holochain-rust.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/holochain/holochain-rust)
Circle CI: [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/holochain/holochain-rust.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/holochain/holochain-rust)
Codecov: [![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/holochain/holochain-rust.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/holochain/holochain-rust/branch/master)
License: [![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

This is the home of the Holochain Rust libraries.

This code is loosely based on the [Golang prototype](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-proto).

**Code Status:** Rust version is alpha. Not for production use. The code is guaranteed NOT secure. We will aggressively restructure code APIs and data chains until Beta.

There are [4 developer preview releases](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/releases) of the Rust version.
<br/>

| Holochain Links: | [FAQ](https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest/faq.html) | [Developer Docs](https://developer.holochain.org) | [White Paper](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-proto/blob/whitepaper/holochain.pdf) |
|---|---|---|---|

## Overview

This `holochain-rust` repository implements a number of distinct yet overlapping aspects of the Holochain framework.

1. A library for the core Holochain functionality for defining and running DNA instances: [*core*](#core)
1. A library and syntax for use in Rust based development of Zomes within DNAs, called Holochain Development Kit: [*hdk-rust*](#hdk-rust)
1. A library for managing instances and connecting them to interfaces: [*conductor-api*](#conductor-api)
1. A Rust based Conductor that uses the conductor_api: [*conductor*](#rust-conductor)
1. A nodejs based Conductor for running tests: [*nodejs-conductor*](#nodejs-conductor)
1. A command line developer tool: [*hc*](#hc-command-line-developer-tool)
1. A sample application that we use to demonstrate the current functionality and drive development: [*app-spec*](#app-spec-driven-development)

### Core
The [core](./core) folder contains the code that implements the core functionality of Holochain. It is the aspect that takes in an application DNA, and an agent, and "securely" (NOT secure during alpha) runs peer-to-peer applications by exposing the API functions to Zomes. It draws on other top level definitions and functions such as [dna](./dna), [cas_implementations](./cas_implementations), [agent](./agent), and [core_types](./core_types).

### HDK Rust
Holochain applications have been designed to consist at the low-level of WebAssembly (WASM) running in a virtual machine environment. Most languages will be easiest to use with some stub code to connect into the WASM runtime environment due to the nature of WASM. That is the main reason why a "Developer Kit" for a language exists. It is a library, and a syntax, for writing Zome code in that language.

[`hdk-rust`](./hdk-rust) is a solid reference implementation of this, that enables Zomes to be written in the Rust language (the same, somewhat confusingly, as Holochain Core).

Within this repository, some aspects cross over between `core` and `hdk-rust`, such as [core_types](./core_types), since they get stored into WASM memory in `core`, and then loaded from WASM memory, within `hdk-rust`. Related, [wasm_utils](./wasm_utils) is used on both sides to actually perform the storing, and loading, of values into and from WASM memory.

#### Other HDKs and language options
Any language that compiles to WASM and can serialize/deserialize JSON data can be available as an option for programmers to write Holochain applications.

An HDK for [Assemblyscript](https://github.com/Assemblyscript/assemblyscript) is under experimental development at [`hdk-assemblyscript`](https://github.com/holochain/hdk-assemblyscript).

We expect many more languages to be added by the community, and there is even an article on how to [write a kit for a new language](https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest/writing_development_kit.html).

### Conductor API
*Core* only implements the logic for the execution of a single DNA.  Because the Holochain app ecosystem relies on DNA composibility, we need to be able to load and instantiate multiple DNAs.  We call an executable that can do this a *Conductor*.  The first such Conductors we implemented were the Qt C++ GUI driven [holosqape](https://github.com/holochain/holosqape) and the CLI driven [hcshell](https://github.com/holochain/holosqape#hcshell) Conductor which we used for running javascript based tests.

These gave us the experience from which we abstracted the [conductor_api](conductor_api) crate which specifies and implements a standard way for building conductors, including specifying the various interfaces that might be available for executing calls on a particular DNA, i.e. websockets, HTTP, Unix domain sockets, carrier pigeon network, etc...

If you need to implement your own conductor, [conductor_api](conductor_api) should provide you with the needed types and functions to do so easily.

To implement a conductor in a C based language, the [core_api_c_binding](./core_api_c_binding) [NEEDS UPDATING] code could be used, such as HoloSqape does.

### Rust Conductor
The [conductor crate](conductor) uses the [conductor_api](conductor_api) to implement an executable which is intended to become the main, highly configurable and GUI less conductor implementation that can be run as a background system service.

### Nodejs Conductor
The [nodejs_conductor](nodejs_conductor) directory implements a node package that creates a conductor that wraps the Holochain core Rust implementation so we can access it from node.  This is crucial especially for creating a test-driven development environment for developing Holochain DNA.  The `hc` command-line tool relies on it to run tests.

### HC Command-line developer tool.
The [cli crate](cli) implements our command line developer tool which allows you to create DNA scaffold, run tests, and finally package your DNA for running in a Conductor.  For more details see the [crate README](cli/README.md).

## App Spec Driven Development
We use a practice for coordinating additions and features that starts with adding a feature to a sample application so that we know we have a working example all the times.  You can read about [the details here](/CONTRIBUTING.md#app-spec-driven-development)

## Documentation: The Book on Holochain
There is a work-in-progress book of documentation being written about `holochain-rust`. See the published version at the associated GitHub Pages for this repo, [https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest](https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest). See instructions for how to contribute to the book at [doc/holochain_101/src/how_to_contribute.md](./doc/holochain_101/src/how_to_contribute.md).

## Installation & Usage

**Important:** the instructions in this readme are for developers intending work on Holochain code-base itself, not Holochain application developers.  If you want to use Holochain, please proceed to the instructions on the quick start installation guide: **https://developer.holochain.org/start.html**

**The following instructions are for developing Holochain Core or the HDK itself**

There are two components needed currently to run Holochain applications, the core (what's in this repo) and also [the networking engine](https://github.com/holochain/n3h).  You can install and work on core using the built-in mock network following the instructions below, but if you want to actually test out your apps using the real networking, you will have to install [the networking component](https://github.com/holochain/n3h) following the instructions in the readme there.  (Note: please see the instructions in the [`hc` command-line tool readme](./cli/README.md#using-real-networking) or the [contuctor readme](./conductor/README.md#using-real-networking) for how to configure the tools to use and activate the networking component.

There are three approaches to building and testing Holochain: using `make`, `docker` or `nix`:

### Make (ubuntu and macOS only)

For Ubuntu/OSX you can install the prerequisites with:

``` shell
cd path/to/holochain
. ./scripts/install/auto.sh
```

Note: the script will install [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on mac os x

After the install script completes successfully, you can start local development using `make`

Running the `make` command will:

1. install (or update to) the correct version of rust
2. build all the rust libraries from the source code in this repository.
3. build and install the command-line tools.

**Note**: it's very important to use the rust version specified in the Makefile! Since we are using nightly rust builds, the language is changing rapidly and sometimes introduces breaking changes that we haven't adapted to yet. Don't just use the latest nightly.

### Docker

We also use [docker](https://www.docker.com/).  The `docker` folder contains scripts to build and run docker images.

### Windows

You will need to install rust manually.

Rustup `https://rustup.rs/#` is likely the best option.

The rust language moves very fast on the nightly channel.

It is very important to be using the correct nightly version.

Currently this is:

`nightly-2019-01-24-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc`

The nightly version we test/develop against can always be found in the .travis.yml file.

### NixOS

If you have `nix-shell` then feel free to use our `shell.nix` file.

Not everything in the Makefile is implemented in nix, and a lot of things don't need to be.
Notably the cross-platform and defensive installation of dependencies is not included.

The nix shell contains a suite of handy bash scripts that don't exist in the Makefile.

If you have a nix friendly system, this is the fastest way to develop and test.

The standard docker environment is an alpine + NixOS build.

#### Running tests

Run:

```shell
. docker/run-test
```
or

``` shell
make test
```

or

``` shell
nix-shell --run hc-test
```

Note that there are also make commands for running the tests of just core, or the command-line line tools or app_spec separately:

``` shell
make test_cli
make test_holochain
make test_app_spec
make build_nodejs_conductor
```

### Building for Android
Note there is an article written on how to build Holochain for Android, read it [here](doc/holochain_101/src/building_for_android.md).

## Contribute
Holochain is an open source project.  We welcome all sorts of participation and are actively working on increasing surface area to accept it.  Please see our [contributing guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for our general practices and protocols on participating in the community, as well as specific expectations around things like code formatting, testing practices, continuous integration, etc.

Some helpful links:

* Chat with us on our [Chat Server](https://chat.holochain.org) or [Gitter](https://gitter.im/metacurrency/holochain)


## License
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Copyright (C) 2018, Holochain Foundation

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the license p
rovided in the LICENSE file (GPLv3).  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, bu
t WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 PURPOSE.

**Note:** We are considering other 'looser' licensing options (like MIT license) but at this stage are using GPL while we're getting the matter sorted out.  See [this article](https://medium.com/holochain/licensing-needs-for-truly-p2p-software-a3e0fa42be6c) for some of our thinking on licensing for distributed application frameworks.

Commit message:

improve readme with upgrade instructions

README.md, after:

# Holochain-rust

<a href="http://holochain.org"><img align="right" width="200" src="https://github.com/holochain/org/blob/master/logo/holochain_logo.png?raw=true" alt="holochain logo" /></a>

[![Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/project-holochain-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://holochain.org/)
[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-chat%2eholochain%2enet-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://chat.holochain.org)

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/holochain.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/holochain)

Travis: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/holochain/holochain-rust.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/holochain/holochain-rust)
Circle CI: [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/holochain/holochain-rust.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/holochain/holochain-rust)
Codecov: [![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/holochain/holochain-rust.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/holochain/holochain-rust/branch/master)
License: [![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

This is the home of the Holochain Rust libraries.

This code is loosely based on the [Golang prototype](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-proto).

**Code Status:** Rust version is alpha. Not for production use. The code is guaranteed NOT secure. We will aggressively restructure code APIs and data chains until Beta.

There are [4 developer preview releases](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-rust/releases) of the Rust version.
<br/>

| Holochain Links: | [FAQ](https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest/faq.html) | [Developer Docs](https://developer.holochain.org) | [White Paper](https://github.com/holochain/holochain-proto/blob/whitepaper/holochain.pdf) |
|---|---|---|---|

## Overview

This `holochain-rust` repository implements a number of distinct yet overlapping aspects of the Holochain framework.

1. A library for the core Holochain functionality for defining and running DNA instances: [*core*](#core)
1. A library and syntax for use in Rust based development of Zomes within DNAs, called Holochain Development Kit: [*hdk-rust*](#hdk-rust)
1. A library for managing instances and connecting them to interfaces: [*conductor-api*](#conductor-api)
1. A Rust based Conductor that uses the conductor_api: [*conductor*](#rust-conductor)
1. A nodejs based Conductor for running tests: [*nodejs-conductor*](#nodejs-conductor)
1. A command line developer tool: [*hc*](#hc-command-line-developer-tool)
1. A sample application that we use to demonstrate the current functionality and drive development: [*app-spec*](#app-spec-driven-development)

### Core
The [core](./core) folder contains the code that implements the core functionality of Holochain. It is the aspect that takes in an application DNA, and an agent, and "securely" (NOT secure during alpha) runs peer-to-peer applications by exposing the API functions to Zomes. It draws on other top level definitions and functions such as [dna](./dna), [cas_implementations](./cas_implementations), [agent](./agent), and [core_types](./core_types).

### HDK Rust
Holochain applications have been designed to consist at the low-level of WebAssembly (WASM) running in a virtual machine environment. Most languages will be easiest to use with some stub code to connect into the WASM runtime environment due to the nature of WASM. That is the main reason why a "Developer Kit" for a language exists. It is a library, and a syntax, for writing Zome code in that language.

[`hdk-rust`](./hdk-rust) is a solid reference implementation of this, that enables Zomes to be written in the Rust language (the same, somewhat confusingly, as Holochain Core).

Within this repository, some aspects cross over between `core` and `hdk-rust`, such as [core_types](./core_types), since they get stored into WASM memory in `core`, and then loaded from WASM memory, within `hdk-rust`. Related, [wasm_utils](./wasm_utils) is used on both sides to actually perform the storing, and loading, of values into and from WASM memory.

#### Other HDKs and language options
Any language that compiles to WASM and can serialize/deserialize JSON data can be available as an option for programmers to write Holochain applications.

An HDK for [Assemblyscript](https://github.com/Assemblyscript/assemblyscript) is under experimental development at [`hdk-assemblyscript`](https://github.com/holochain/hdk-assemblyscript).

We expect many more languages to be added by the community, and there is even an article on how to [write a kit for a new language](https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest/writing_development_kit.html).

### Conductor API
*Core* only implements the logic for the execution of a single DNA.  Because the Holochain app ecosystem relies on DNA composibility, we need to be able to load and instantiate multiple DNAs.  We call an executable that can do this a *Conductor*.  The first such Conductors we implemented were the Qt C++ GUI driven [holosqape](https://github.com/holochain/holosqape) and the CLI driven [hcshell](https://github.com/holochain/holosqape#hcshell) Conductor which we used for running javascript based tests.

These gave us the experience from which we abstracted the [conductor_api](conductor_api) crate which specifies and implements a standard way for building conductors, including specifying the various interfaces that might be available for executing calls on a particular DNA, i.e. websockets, HTTP, Unix domain sockets, carrier pigeon network, etc...

If you need to implement your own conductor, [conductor_api](conductor_api) should provide you with the needed types and functions to do so easily.

To implement a conductor in a C based language, the [core_api_c_binding](./core_api_c_binding) [NEEDS UPDATING] code could be used, such as HoloSqape does.

### Rust Conductor
The [conductor crate](conductor) uses the [conductor_api](conductor_api) to implement an executable which is intended to become the main, highly configurable and GUI less conductor implementation that can be run as a background system service.

### Nodejs Conductor
The [nodejs_conductor](nodejs_conductor) directory implements a node package that creates a conductor that wraps the Holochain core Rust implementation so we can access it from node.  This is crucial especially for creating a test-driven development environment for developing Holochain DNA.  The `hc` command-line tool relies on it to run tests.

### HC Command-line developer tool.
The [cli crate](cli) implements our command line developer tool which allows you to create DNA scaffold, run tests, and finally package your DNA for running in a Conductor.  For more details see the [crate README](cli/README.md).

## App Spec Driven Development
We use a practice for coordinating additions and features that starts with adding a feature to a sample application so that we know we have a working example all the times.  You can read about [the details here](/CONTRIBUTING.md#app-spec-driven-development)

## Documentation: The Book on Holochain
There is a work-in-progress book of documentation being written about `holochain-rust`. See the published version at the associated GitHub Pages for this repo, [https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest](https://developer.holochain.org/guide/latest). See instructions for how to contribute to the book at [doc/holochain_101/src/how_to_contribute.md](./doc/holochain_101/src/how_to_contribute.md).

## Installation & Usage

**Important:** the instructions in this readme are for developers intending work on Holochain code-base itself, not Holochain application developers.  If you want to use Holochain, please proceed to the instructions on the quick start installation guide: **https://developer.holochain.org/start.html**

**The following instructions are for developing Holochain Core or the HDK itself**

There are two components needed currently to run Holochain applications, the core (what's in this repo) and also [the networking engine](https://github.com/holochain/n3h).  You can install and work on core using the built-in mock network following the instructions below, but if you want to actually test out your apps using the real networking, you will have to install [the networking component](https://github.com/holochain/n3h) following the instructions in the readme there.  (Note: please see the instructions in the [`hc` command-line tool readme](./cli/README.md#using-real-networking) or the [contuctor readme](./conductor/README.md#using-real-networking) for how to configure the tools to use and activate the networking component.

There are three approaches to building and testing Holochain: using `make`, `docker` or `nix`:

### Make (ubuntu, debian and macOS only)

For Ubuntu/OSX you can install the prerequisites with:

``` shell
cd path/to/holochain
. ./scripts/install/auto.sh
```

Note: the script will install [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on mac os x
Note: the script will install dependencies with `apt-get` on linux

After the install script completes successfully, you can start local development using `make`

Running the `make` command will:

1. install (or update to) the correct version of rust
2. build all the rust libraries from the source code in this repository.
3. build and install the command-line tools.

**Note**: it's very important to use the rust version specified in the Makefile! Since we are using nightly rust builds, the language is changing rapidly and sometimes introduces breaking changes that we haven't adapted to yet. Don't just use the latest nightly.

### Docker

We also use [docker](https://www.docker.com/).  The `docker` folder contains scripts to build and run docker images.

### Windows

You will need to install rust manually.

Rustup `https://rustup.rs/#` is likely the best option.

The rust language moves very fast on the nightly channel.

It is very important to be using the correct nightly version.

Currently this is:

`nightly-2019-01-24-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc`

The nightly version we test/develop against can always be found in the .travis.yml file.

### NixOS

If you have `nix-shell` then feel free to use our `shell.nix` file.

Not everything in the Makefile is implemented in nix, and a lot of things don't need to be.
Notably the cross-platform and defensive installation of dependencies is not included.

The nix shell contains a suite of handy bash scripts that don't exist in the Makefile.

If you have a nix friendly system, this is the fastest way to develop and test.

The standard docker environment is an alpine + NixOS build.

#### Running tests

Run:

```shell
. docker/run-test
```
or

``` shell
make test
```

or

``` shell
nix-shell --run hc-test
```

Note that there are also make commands for running the tests of just core, or the command-line line tools or app_spec separately:

``` shell
make test_cli
make test_holochain
make test_app_spec
make build_nodejs_conductor
```

### Building for Android
Note there is an article written on how to build Holochain for Android, read it [here](doc/holochain_101/src/building_for_android.md).

## Upgrading

Upgrading to a new tagged release of Holochain may include new/changed system dependencies.

__We strongly recommend rerunning `./scripts/install/auto.sh` when upgrading core.__

The script is designed to be idempotent. This means there is no harm re-running it.

## Contribute
Holochain is an open source project.  We welcome all sorts of participation and are actively working on increasing surface area to accept it.  Please see our [contributing guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for our general practices and protocols on participating in the community, as well as specific expectations around things like code formatting, testing practices, continuous integration, etc.

Some helpful links:

* Chat with us on our [Chat Server](https://chat.holochain.org) or [Gitter](https://gitter.im/metacurrency/holochain)


## License
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Copyright (C) 2018, Holochain Foundation

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the license p
rovided in the LICENSE file (GPLv3).  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, bu
t WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 PURPOSE.

**Note:** We are considering other 'looser' licensing options (like MIT license) but at this stage are using GPL while we're getting the matter sorted out.  See [this article](https://medium.com/holochain/licensing-needs-for-truly-p2p-software-a3e0fa42be6c) for some of our thinking on licensing for distributed application frameworks.
