doc/holochain_101/src/running_an_app.md, before:

# Running An App

For the purpose of *testing* APIs or prototyping user interfaces, you can run a DNA from the directory it's contained. The most basic way to do this is to run:
```shell
hc run
```
This will start the application and open a WebSocket on port `8888`.

There are three option flags for `hc run`.

If you wish to customize the port number that the WebSocket runs over, then run it with a `-p`/`--port` option, like:
```shell
hc run --port 3400
```

If you wish to "package" your DNA before running it, which is to build the `bundle.json` file from the source files, then use the `-b`/`--package` option, like:
```shell
hc run --package
```
Note that `hc run` always looks for a `bundle.json` file in the root of your app folder, so make sure that one exists there when trying to use it. `hc run --package` will do this, or run `hc package` and then move `dist/bundle.json` into the root.

By default, none of the data your application is writing to the source chain gets persisted. If you wish to persist data onto the file system, use the `--persist` flag, like:
```shell
hc run --persist
```
This will store data in the same directory as your app, in a hidden folder called `.hc`.

Of course these options can be used in combination with one another.

There are two further configuration options which are deserving of their own articles, which follow this one: using real networking, and selecting and using RPC interfaces.

Commit message:

write up ui interfaces article

doc/holochain_101/src/running_an_app.md, after:

# Running An App

For the purpose of *testing* APIs or prototyping user interfaces, you can run a DNA from the directory it's contained. The most basic way to do this is to run:
```shell
hc run
```
This will start the application and open, by default, a WebSocket JSON-RPC server on port `8888`. This is covered in more depth in the [JSON-RPC interfaces article](./json_rpc_interfaces.md).

There are three option flags for `hc run`.

If you wish to customize the port number that the server runs on, then run it with a `-p`/`--port` option, like:
```shell
hc run --port 3400
```

If you wish to "package" your DNA before running it, which is to build the `bundle.json` file from the source files, then use the `-b`/`--package` option, like:
```shell
hc run --package
```
Note that `hc run` always looks for a `bundle.json` file in the root of your app folder, so make sure that one exists there when trying to use it. `hc run --package` will do this, or run `hc package`.

By default, none of the data your application is writing to the source chain gets persisted. If you wish to persist data onto the file system, use the `--persist` flag, like:
```shell
hc run --persist
```
This will store data in the same directory as your app, in a hidden folder called `.hc`.

Of course these options can be used in combination with one another.

Once you are done with the server, to quit just type `exit` then press `Enter`, or just press `Ctrl-C`.

There are two further configuration options which are deserving of their own articles, which follow this one: [selecting and using the different JSON-RPC interfaces](./json_rpc_interfaces.md), and [using real networking](./real_networking.md).
